Apria : Contract files/documents
---------------------------------

3 months time (timelines expected for project)

Input : 
	1. Contracts which are from supplier side which are in PDF or MS word 
		1.1 Documents have more or less same structure with some changes here and there.
		1.2 Documents can be of many pages.
		1.3 Documents also contains Hand written texts.
		1.4 Documents also contains tables
	2. List of Data Parameters 
		2.1 location of parameters is not fixed can vary in documents. but these parameters are fixed and needs to extracted.

Output : 
	1. Extracted parameters from Contract documents (PDF, MS word)
	2. Count of parameters extracted vs total parameters (percentage)
	3. Count of pages for document
	4. Document name
	5. Extraction date
	6. Reason for failing to extract parameters

Challenges :
	0. Understand and define each parameters with all its context. 
		Check if keywords can be provided by Project team. 
	1. Whether it is possible to extract parameters from contract documents or not.
	2. If yes then how many parameters are feasible to be extracted.
		mandatory vs optional
	3. Whether PDF files/ms word files are extractable pdfs or not (if not , whats the resolution)
	4. Extracting parameters which are hand written
		4.1 R&D on libraries , packages which allows hand written text extraction
		4.2 Offline/Online model
			Deployment challenges if any (size, computation, RAM)
			Procurement
		4.3 Data  and ground truth required for training
			Raw data - number of documents, number of parameters , number of data points for each parameter which are hand written
			Ground truth - creation
		4.4 Estimated training time
		4.5 Model testing, testing time


Tried approach :
-----------------
ICP approach already tried -->
regex approrach --> very hard to create expression which gives good results
code can be shared 

then another approach - extract text from pdf,ms word doc
	through scrapping -- accuracy around 90-95% as told by cristopher manalo

hand written text is not captured in scrapping approach

now search for parameters from text

Overall, timelines for this project to be discussed and shared.

----------------------------

By Tomorrow EOD :

Input : Extracted Text from supplier Contract PDFs, list of parameters
Output : Extracted parameters from sample files 10 files

1. read output.xlsx file
2. read contract text row by row
3. extract parameters as key value pairs
	create separate excel file for each document with "column A as filename+ _ExtractedInfo" as file name.
4. do this for if not all some parameters and 10 contracts.
5. share results on the same mail thread to cristopher

----------------------



	

